README.md, before:

# FMTM Installer

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/hotosm/fmtm/blob/main/images/hot_logo.png?raw=true" style="width: 200px;" alt="HOT"></a>
</p>
<p align="center">
  <em>Easy install script for Field Tasking Mapping Manager (FMTM).</em>
</p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/hotosm/fmtm-installer/releases" target="_blank">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/hotosm/fmtm-installer?logo=github" alt="Version">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/sponsors/hotosm" target="_blank">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/sponsor-30363D?logo=GitHub-Sponsors&logoColor=#EA4AAA" alt="CI Build">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/hotosm/fmtm-installer/blob/main/LICENSE.md" target="_blank">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/hotosm/fmtm-installer.svg" alt="Publish Docs">
  </a>
</p>

---

🚀 **Run**: <a href="https://hotosm.github.io/fmtm-installer/install.sh" target="_blank">https://hotosm.github.io/fmtm-installer/install.sh</a>

🖥️ **Source Code**: <a href="https://github.com/hotosm/fmtm-installer" target="_blank">https://github.com/hotosm/fmtm-installer</a>

---

<!-- markdownlint-enable -->

## How To Use

On a Linux-based machine with `bash` installed, run the script:

> Note: it is best to run this script as a user other than root.
>
> However, if you run as root, a user svcfmtm will be created for you.

```bash
curl -L https://get.fmtm.dev -o install.sh
bash install.sh

# Then follow the prompts
```

Commit message:

docs: update docs with unmaintained warning

README.md, after:

# FMTM Installer

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/hotosm/fmtm/blob/main/images/hot_logo.png?raw=true" style="width: 200px;" alt="HOT"></a>
</p>
<p align="center">
  <em>Easy install script for Field Tasking Mapping Manager (FMTM).</em>
</p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/hotosm/fmtm-installer/releases" target="_blank">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/hotosm/fmtm-installer?logo=github" alt="Version">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/sponsors/hotosm" target="_blank">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/sponsor-30363D?logo=GitHub-Sponsors&logoColor=#EA4AAA" alt="CI Build">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/hotosm/fmtm-installer/blob/main/LICENSE.md" target="_blank">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/hotosm/fmtm-installer.svg" alt="Publish Docs">
  </a>
</p>

---

🚀 **Run**: <a href="https://hotosm.github.io/fmtm-installer/install.sh" target="_blank">https://hotosm.github.io/fmtm-installer/install.sh</a>

🖥️ **Source Code**: <a href="https://github.com/hotosm/fmtm-installer" target="_blank">https://github.com/hotosm/fmtm-installer</a>

---

<!-- markdownlint-enable -->

> [!WARNING]
> For now this repo is unmaintained, and instead might become a paid convenience
> script for organizational FMTM installation.
>
> Feel free to use at your own risk.

## How To Use

On a Linux-based machine with `bash` installed, run the script:

> Note: it is best to run this script as a user other than root.
>
> However, if you run as root, a user svcfmtm will be created for you.

```bash
curl -L https://get.fmtm.dev -o install.sh
bash install.sh

# Then follow the prompts
```
